domain-specific problems, better than
anyone with compute. If
you want to keep
your costs down while
keeping performance up, remember
every prompt costs and
whatever's in that context
window on startup is
going to cost you.
That goes all the
way down to the
system prompt and the
user prompt. And then
if you need permission
checks, custom agents allow
you to prevent your
compute from destroying your
work or causing issues,
right? They also make
it easier if you're
deploying these agents for
someone else, for someone
in your team, for
your engineering org, PM
support. Custom agents allow
you to make your
agents safe, right? You
can set up hook
You can use different